Dear Telerik,
I admire your academy. You are very important for many people!

Here are the most common programming languages as of today:

1.    SQL
 is a special-purpose programming language designed for managing data held in a relational database management system (RDBMS), 
or for stream processing in a relational data stream management system (RDSMS).
Originally based upon relational algebra and tuple relational calculus, SQL consists of a data definition language, 
data manipulation language, and Data Control Language. 
The scope of SQL includes data insert, query, update and delete, schema creation and modification, and data access control.
 Although SQL is often described as, and to a great extent is, a declarative language (4GL), it also includes procedural elements.

2.    Java
Java is a general-purpose computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented,
and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. 
It is intended to let application developers "write once, run anywhere" (WORA),
meaning that compiled Java code can run on all platforms that support Java without the need for recompilation.
Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode that can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) regardless of computer architecture.
As of 2016, Java is one of the most popular programming languages in use, particularly for client-server web applications, 
with a reported 9 million developers.

3.    JavaScript

 is a high-level, dynamic, untyped, and interpreted programming language.
 It has been standardized in the ECMAScript language specification.
 Alongside HTML and CSS, JavaScript is one of the three core technologies of World Wide Web content production; 
the majority of websites employ it, and all modern Web browsers support it without the need for plug-ins.
 JavaScript is prototype-based with first-class functions, making it a multi-paradigm language, supporting object-oriented,
 imperative, and functional programming styles. 
It has an API for working with text, arrays, dates and regular expressions, but does not include any I/O, such as networking, 
storage, or graphics facilities, relying for these upon the host environment in which it is embedded.

4.    C#
is a multi-paradigm programming language encompassing strong typing, imperative, declarative,
 functional, generic, object-oriented (class-based), and component-oriented programming disciplines. 
It was developed by Microsoft within its .NET initiative and later approved as a standard by 
Ecma (ECMA-334) and ISO (ISO/IEC 23270:2006). C# is one of the programming languages designed for the Common Language Infrastructure.
It is awesome.

5.    C++
 is a general-purpose programming language. 
It has imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features, while also providing facilities for low-level memory manipulation.
It was designed with a bias toward system programming and embedded, resource-constrained and large systems, 
with performance, efficiency and flexibility of use as its design highlights.
C++ has also been found useful in many other contexts, with key strengths being software infrastructure and 
resource-constrained applications,[5] including desktop applications, servers (e.g. e-commerce, web search or SQL servers), 
and performance-critical applications (e.g. telephone switches or space probes).
C++ is a compiled language, with implementations of it available on many platforms and provided by various organizations,
 including the Free Software Foundation (FSF's GCC), LLVM, Microsoft, Intel and IBM.

Best wishes,
Dimitar

